SearchEngine
============

Search engine project for Wayne Pollock's Spring 2014 Java II class.

Project Roadmap:
------------

* Main.class          Supporting File: Main.form
  Contains the main program logic & event handling for the main
  program window of the application. Is insantiated from the layout
  data contained in the main form file.

* Main.form
  Contains the form layout data for instantiating the Main class
  program window.
  
* Maintenance.class
  Contains the form layout data, program logic & event handling
  for the maintenance 'backend' class, responsible for managing
  the list of files to index, and compiling the actual index
  itself. Generates the filelist.txt and index.txt files.

* Search.class
  Contains the program logic and necessary algorithms for the
  program's search operations. 

* Normalize.class
  Simple utility class for normalizing and sanitizing text used
  in the program's read and print operations.


File List Specifications: filelist.txt
------------
Generated by the Maintenance class. Holds a list of file
registers to be stored into the index.

Contains three fields seperated by comma delimitation, ex.
  
  0,C:\users\me\file.txt,Thu Apr 17 17:34:32 EDT 2014

  - The first field is the file's ID number.
  - The second field is the file's absolute path.
  - The last field is the file's last modification date.

Index Specifications: index.txt
------------
Generated by the Maintenance class using a given set of
absolute file paths derived from filelist.txt.

Contains an inverted index pairing representing the file
and positional location for a given word.

Each new line represents a different word/key. Positional
pairings are formatted as two integers seperated by a comma,
with each new field delimited with a tab character. ex.
  
  apple   0,8   0,21    1,4   1,14    1,41    3,9    (etc.)

  - The first field is the key word, or primary key.
  - The number in a given pair represents the document ID
    in which the word was found.
  - The second number in a given pair represents the word's
    position (in space-seperated words) from the beginning 
    of the document.



  

  
